README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Ashmit Thawait</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Web Developer and ML/AI enthusiast from India.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ashmit0920&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ashmit0920" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ashmit0920&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4" alt="ashmit0920" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Piko.ai - An AI Powered Learning Assistant](https://github.com/ashmit0920/Piko.ai)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Next.js, Apache Kafka, FastAPI**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/ashmit0920](https://github.com/ashmit0920)

- 💬 Ask me about **Gaming and Loud Cars**

- 📫 How to reach me **ashmitthawait2@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I am a chai addict.**

## 🌐 Connect with me:
<p align="left">
<a href="https://codepen.io/ashmit0920" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/codepen.svg" alt="ashmit0920" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/ashh_codes" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="ashmittheboss" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://kaggle.com/ashmitthawait" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/kaggle.svg" alt="ashmitthawait" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/ash.mit___" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="ash.mit___" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/ashispro" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="ashispro" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/fH5ddES5qG" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="fH5ddES5qG" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<br>

## 💻 Tech Stack:
<a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.blender.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://download.blender.org/branding/community/blender_community_badge_white.svg" alt="blender" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://heroku.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/heroku/heroku-icon.svg" alt="heroku" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://ifttt.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/ifttt/ifttt-ar21.svg" alt="ifttt" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>


## Support:
<p><a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/ashispro"> <img align="left" src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" height="50" width="210" alt="ashispro" /></a></p><br><br>

<br>

## 📊 GitHub Stats:
<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ashmit0920&theme=radical&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact" alt="ashmit0920" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ashmit0920&theme=radical&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="ashmit0920" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ashmit0920&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="ashmit0920" /></p>

Commit message:

Update current project from Piko.ai to DeskBuddy

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Ashmit Thawait</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Web Developer and ML/AI enthusiast from India.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ashmit0920&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ashmit0920" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ashmit0920&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4" alt="ashmit0920" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [DeskBuddy - An AI Powered Behaviour Productivity Companion](https://github.com/ashmit0920/desktopbuddy)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Next.js, Apache Kafka, FastAPI**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/ashmit0920](https://github.com/ashmit0920)

- 💬 Ask me about **Gaming and Loud Cars**

- 📫 How to reach me **ashmitthawait2@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I am a chai addict.**

## 🌐 Connect with me:
<p align="left">
<a href="https://codepen.io/ashmit0920" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/codepen.svg" alt="ashmit0920" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/ashh_codes" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="ashmittheboss" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://kaggle.com/ashmitthawait" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/kaggle.svg" alt="ashmitthawait" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/ash.mit___" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="ash.mit___" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/ashispro" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="ashispro" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/fH5ddES5qG" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="fH5ddES5qG" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<br>

## 💻 Tech Stack:
<a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.blender.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://download.blender.org/branding/community/blender_community_badge_white.svg" alt="blender" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="bootstrap" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/django.svg" alt="django" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pocoo_flask/pocoo_flask-icon.svg" alt="flask" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://heroku.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/heroku/heroku-icon.svg" alt="heroku" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://ifttt.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/ifttt/ifttt-ar21.svg" alt="ifttt" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>


## Support:
<p><a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/ashispro"> <img align="left" src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" height="50" width="210" alt="ashispro" /></a></p><br><br>

<br>

## 📊 GitHub Stats:
<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ashmit0920&theme=radical&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact" alt="ashmit0920" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ashmit0920&theme=radical&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="ashmit0920" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ashmit0920&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="ashmit0920" /></p>
